YOU READY TO DO
THE RIGHT THING?
YEAH, I'M READY.
THAT'S MY 17.50.
THE LICENSE IS 35.
I GOT IT.
I GOT MY 17.50, TOO.
THEN LET'S GET IT ON.
THAT SOUNDED
SMART-ASS.
OHH. I SHOULD START
OVER. I--
NO. NO.
YOU GOT MIXED FEELINGS.
I WISH, WEIGHING THEM OUT,
UH...
THEY WOULD ALL BE ON ONE SIDE
OF THE SCALE.
IT HURTS A LITTLE
THAT IT'S BEEN SUCH
A STRUGGLE FOR YOU,
BUT...
I FELL IN LOVE WITH YOU.
THEY, UH, THEY TAKE
THE APPLICATION
AT CENTRE STREET,
AND THEN IT'S A DAY
TILL THEY ISSUE
THE LICENSE.
LET'S GET IT ON.
EXCUSE ME, DETECTIVE,
COULD I SPEAK TO YOU?
MORNING, ANDY.
HEY.
ONE TO THE GUT. LOOKS LIKE
HE BLED OUT SOMEWHERES ELSE.
WHAT'D THIS ONE SEE?
TURTLES CLIMBING OUT
OF HIS CHEST TILL HE
HAS HIS FIRST DRINK.
I HAD NOTHING
TO DO WITH THIS.
I MET THIS MAN DEAD.
OK.
LOOK AT THAT.
"HUGH WIGGINS,
AUTO SALES."
HUGH DON'T AFFILIATE
LONG ENOUGH
ANY SPECIFIC CAR LOT,
IT'S, UH, COST-EFFECTIVE
ADDING THE NAME ON.
MORNING, GREG.
I AM SO DISGUSTED.
IT'S THE WORK
WE'VE CHOSEN, MEDAVOY.
WE GOT A DOUBLE.
NO.
FEMALE D.O.A. IN THAT
PLASTIC LEAN-TO
OVER THERE.
STRANGLED AND
SEXUALLY ASSAULTED.
I--I--I AM DISGUSTED,
REVOLTED, AND AMAZED.
HEY! WHAT ARE YOU
LOOKING AT OVER THERE?
NOTHIN'.
WELL, GET
YOUR ASS DOWN.
WHAT'S
THE AMAZING PART?
WHAT'S SO AMAZING, ANDY,
IS ALSO
WHAT'S DISGUSTING
AND REVOLTING,
WHICH IS HOW MUCH SEMEN
IS ON THIS POOR WOMAN'S
CORPSE.
JERRY SAYS
IT'S ANOTHER BODY
OVER THERE.
OK. ANOTHER BODY
HEY, JILL, YOU MIND
TAKING THESE GUYS'
INFORMATION?
NO. I GOT 'EM.
THE BABY'S GOT
HIS FIRST CHECKUP.
I'M SUPPOSED TO MEET
GINA AT THE DOCTOR'S.
YEAH, NO PROBLEM.
ALL RIGHT.
HEY, GUYS.
THIS IS DETECTIVE
KIRKENDALL.
SHE'S GONNA TAKE
YOUR INFORMATION.
WE GOT SOME INFORMATION
TO GIVE YOU, TOO.
YEAH, TELL YOU
EVERYTHING
ABOUT THIS ONE
THERE IS TO KNOW.
I'M ALL EARS.
THIS ONE'S NAME
WAS WANDA MONTGOMERY,
BUT SHE WENT BY COOKIE.
I HELPED HER CONSTRUCT
THIS LEAN-TO.
WAS COOKIE
A WORKING GIRL?
NO, SHE WAS
A FULL-TIME HOMELESS.
JUST TOUCHED
IN HER HEAD.
MMM.
YOU SEE THESE DOLLS?
DOLLS WAS ONE OF THE THINGS
THAT COOKIE LIKED TO COLLECT.
MM-HMM.
DEEPER EXAMINATION
OF HUGH'S WALLET,
WE ALSO FIND,
"HUGH WIGGINS, REALTOR,
APARTMENT LEASES
A SPECIALTY."
ALSO, ON THE BACK
OF ONE OF THE OTHER
"HUGH WIGGINS,
AUTO SALES" CARDS,
"ALLIANCE AUTOS."
THINK THAT'S GONNA BE HUGH'S
PRESENT PLACE OF EMPLOYMENT?
NO FRAZZLED EDGES
OR SNOT ON IT,
I THINK
IT COULD BE RECENT.
20, RIGHT OR WRONG.
AND 200 IF YOU'RE RIGHT.
HUH.
TO SOLVE COOKIE'S MURDER,
YOU WANNA TALK TO A WHORE
NAMED MARVA.
STROLLS 10th AND "C,"
THINK SHE A QUEEN BITCH.
NOW...
YOU WILL RECOGNIZE HER
OFF HER BONEY ASS
AND HER SKANKY UGLINESS,
WEARIN' A CHEAP FUR COAT
LINED WITH THAT SHEEPSKIN--
LIKE A PIMP PUT
ON HIS CAR SEAT.
AND WHAT'S MARVA HAVE TO DO
WITH COOKIE GETTING KILLED?
YOU ASK HER.
WE JUST WENT BACK
TO NO MONEY, CHANEL.
ASK HER ABOUT CALVIN.
BIG...
FUNNY-COLORED NEGRO.
LOOK INJUN.
IF I'M LOOKING AT CALVIN
FOR KILLING COOKIE,
CHANEL,
WHY DO I NEED TO STOP
AT MARVA?
OFF THE BUSINESS
SHE DO WITH HIM...
GONNA GIVE YOU
THE BASIS FOR YOUR CASE
WHEN YOU GRAB CALVIN UP.
WHOA.
I BEEN TRICKIN'
FOR A LAWYER.
MARVA. 10th AND "C."
I'LL BE COMING FOR MY 180.
[COUGHS,
NUDGES MACHINE]
Simone:
HOW'S IT GOING, BOSS?
UM...
GOT BUSY
OUT THERE.
MMM.
OH, ON THE SECOND D.O.A.,
GREG AND THEM WENT
TO PICK A HOOKER UP
THAT ANOTHER GIRL GAVE 'EM
FOR KNOWING WHAT WAS
GOING DOWN.
THIS IS THE HOMELESS
WOMAN THAT WAS RAPED
AND STRANGLED?
SHE WAS A MESS.
THE FIRST D.O.A.
WAS A DUMP JOB.
SOME HALF-ASSED
CAR SALESMAN
TOOK ONE TO THE GUT.
HIS BOSS IS UPSTAIRS
WAITING FOR YOU.
CRAIG REINSDORF
FROM ALLIANCE AUTOS?
YEAH.
YOU KNOW, WE CALL
THIS GUY'S LOT,
HIS SECRETARY SAYS,
"OH, YES, THE D.O.A.'s
BEEN MISSING SINCE
LAST NIGHT.
TOOK A PROSPECT
ON A TEST DRIVE
IN ONE OF OUR VEHICLES."
AND THEY NEVER
CALLED IT IN?
TOO BUSY FLEECIN'
THE UNAWARES.
ANYWAY, HE'S WAITING
FOR YOU UPSTAIRS.
Simone: IS HE LOOKIN' TO
BOOST OVER THAT MACHINE?
Sipowicz:
ABSOLUTELY.
[COUGH, NUDGE]
WHERE'S MARVA?
THERE SHE GO OVER THERE.
GREAT.
THEY COME FOR THAT
HAUGHTY BITCH'S ASS.
GOOD.
LET'S DO IT
THE EASY WAY, MARVA.
WHAT YOU WANT
WITH ME?
LET'S TALK ABOUT IT
AT THE STATION HOUSE.
I AIN'T GOIN' TO
NO STATION HOUSE.
SURE YOU ARE.
WHERE'S RAZOR-RICKY
NOW, MARVA?
TELL YOUR MAN
TO COME HELP YOU!
HE'LL CUT ANOTHER SCAR
ON YOUR UGLY-ASS FACE!
Russell:
OK, LET'S GO.
I WASN'T COMMITTIN'
NO SEX ACT.
JUST SIT BACK
FOR THE RIDE.
RICKY GONNA BE COOKIN' ME
A CHICKEN-FRIED STEAK
WHILE YOU'RE INSIDE!
YOU KNOW WHAT
I'M SAYIN', GIRL?
HEY, TAKE OFF,
OR WE'LL LOCK YOU UP,
TOO.
HEY, MARVA!
I'M STILL
ON THE LOVE BOAT
WHILE YOU'RE GOIN' DOWN
ON THE TITANIC.
WHAT YOU LOOKIN' AT,
BRICK-TOP?
REALLY NICE THAT
YOU FOUND THE TIME
TO TALK TO US.
THAT'S SARCASM?
ONE OF YOUR
USED-CAR SALESMEN
SHOWS UP DEAD
THIS MORNING,
WE GOTTA FIND OUT FROM
THE OFFICE GIRL ON YOUR LOT
THAT HE DISAPPEARED
ON A TEST DRIVE LAST NIGHT?
HUGH TOOK HIS OWN
SALES APPROACHES.
OVERNIGHTS WITH CUSTOMERS
WEREN'T UNPRECEDENTED.
NO NEED CALLING HIM
OR THE CAR IN MISSING.
Sipowicz: HUGH LIQUORS UP
THE MARKS AT SOME MOTEL,
BRINGS A BIM' IN,
3:00 IN THE MORNING, THEY
SIGN ON THE DOTTED LINE.
WHAT CAN YOU GIVE US ON
THIS GUY THAT WENT OUT
ON THE TEST DRIVE?
ZIPPO.
ZIPPO?
I WAS ON THE PHONE
WHEN THEY WENT OUT.
NOT PHOTOCOPYING
THE PROSPECT'S
DRIVER'S LICENSE
BEFORE THEY TAKE
THE CAR OUT,
THAT'S ANOTHER ONE
OF HUGH'S UNIQUE
SALES TECHNIQUES?
HUGH SOMETIMES
CUTS CORNERS.
HE'D BE REMISS
ON PAPERWORK.
WE REVIEWING
LIFESTYLES HERE?
YOU KNOW, AS BAD
AS IT MAY INTRUDE
ON THE 8 OR 9 SCAMS
YOU'RE PROBABLY
WORKING YOURSELF
TODAY, MR. REINSDORF,
YOUR SALESMAN HUGH,
HE GOT MURDERED.
I GOT NOTHING TO GIVE YOU.
I KNEW THE GUY CASUALLY
FOR MAYBE 5 YEARS.
HE'D DROP IN AND OUT
SELLING FOR ME.
I MEAN, END OF STORY.
WHAT'D HE DO IN-BETWEEN?
YOU KNOW,
VARIOUS VENTURES.
NAME ONE AND SAVE YOURSELF
AN UNHAPPY SURPRISE.
[SIGHS]
HE'D DO, LIKE,
REALTY THINGS, YOU KNOW.
I MEAN, SOMETIMES HE'D GET
JACKED UP A LITTLE WITH IT.
JACKED UP LIKE, UH,
LEASING APARTMENTS
THAT HE DIDN'T
ACTUALLY REPRESENT.
YOU KNOW...
THAT GENRE.
SO, BIG PICTURE,
ANYBODY THAT HUGH MET
SINCE HE WAS 21 OR SO
IS A POSSIBLE SUSPECT,
HUH?
WELL, IT DEPENDS UPON,
YOU KNOW,
HOW LONG THEY HOLD ON
TO A GRIEVANCE.
FULL DESCRIPTION,
V.I.N. NUMBER,
AND DEALER PLATE
ON THE CAR THAT HUGH
TOOK OUT.
YOU GUYS GET THIS CAR BACK...
I WANNA THROW YOU 20 EACH,
OFF THE BOOKS.
LEAVING THAT GUY ALONE
IN THERE TO WRITE,
WE MAY WIND UP SHORT
A COFFEE MAKER.
DETECTIVES, THIS
IS MRS. WIGGINS.
HI, I'M DETECTIVE SIMONE.
THIS IS DETECTIVE SIPOWICZ.
HELLO.
I EXPECT THIS HAS
REFERENCE TO HUGH.
I'LL TELL YOU,
WHY DON'T WE
TALK DOWN HERE?
I HAVE NO RESPONSIBILITY
FOR MONETARY OBLIGATIONS
INCURRED BY HUGH.
I'M LEGALLY REGISTERED
TO THAT EFFECT.
GUY IN THE COFFEE ROOM'S
GONNA DROP OFF SOME PAPERWORK.
CHECK FOR ANY BULGES
IN THE SHAPE OF A TOASTER.
Simone: PLEASE.
WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME
YOU SAW YOUR HUSBAND?
LAST FRIDAY.
WHERE'S HE BEEN
SINCE THEN?
YOU'D HAVE TO ASK HUGH.
YOU'RE,
UH, YOU'RE USING
YOUR MARRIED NAME.
ARE YOU SEPARATED?
LEGALLY SEPARATED, YES.
BUT HUGH STILL USES ME
SORT OF AS
A BASE OF OPERATIONS.
WELL, WE, UH...
HAVE SOME DIFFICULT NEWS
FOR YOU, MRS. WIGGINS.
I HAVE NO MONEY
FOR BAIL.
YOUR HUSBAND WAS FOUND
SHOT THIS MORNING, MA'AM.
DEAD?
I'M SORRY. YES.
MUTILATED?
NO.
SOME OF THE PEOPLE
WHO THREATENED HUGH'S LIFE
THREATENED
TO MUTILATE HIM, TOO.
WELL, OBVIOUSLY,
WE'D BE INTERESTED
IN THE SPECIFICS
ON THOSE.
CASTRATION...
THROWING HIM
OFF BUILDINGS.
SPECIFICS IN TERMS
OF HOW THE THREATS
CAME ABOUT.
TO DO WITH HIS
BUSINESS DEALINGS.
DIFFERENT
DISSATISFACTIONS--
HIS, UH, HIS REALTY,
COIN SALES,
AND SPORTS MEMORABILIA.
ANYTHING SPECIFICALLY
INVOLVING HIS CAR SALES?
OH, YES. MANY.
WHAT WOULD
BE LIKE, UH...
THE 3 MOST RECENT?
WELL, YOU KNOW...
ONCE THE SHOUTING STARTS,
I, UH, ACTUALLY TRY
TO SCREEN OUT THE DETAILS.
SOME ARE
IN FOREIGN LANGUAGES.
WHAT THIS IS,
CELINE AND THEM OTHERS IS
LOOKIN' TO MIDDLE ME OUT.
OVER WHAT, MARVA?
OVER KNOWIN' RICKY J'S
COMING OUT OF THE JOINT
KICKIN' ASS AND TAKING
THEIR SORRY PIMPS' NAMES,
BACK RUNNIN' THE STREETS
WITH ME AS HIS BOTTOM HO.
SO IT'S OFF ALL
THIS JEALOUSY,
MARVA,
THE GIRLS TOLD US
THAT YOU'RE INVOLVED
WITH A FREAK
NAMED CALVIN.
THAT'S EXACTLY WHAT
I'M TELLIN' Y'ALL.
THEY MAKIN' THAT UP
ABOUT ME AND CALVIN
TO MIDDLE ME
OFF THE STREET.
MARVA, HOW DO YOU KNOW
WHAT THE OTHER GIRLS
ARE TELLING US
BEFORE WE EVEN SAY?
WELL, WHAT THE HELL ELSE
YOU BROUGHT ME IN HERE FOR?
YOU NEED TO BREATHE
DEEP HERE, MARVA,
BEFORE YOU SCREW
YOURSELF--
HELL IF I DO.
YOU ALL NEED TO
STOP LISTENING
TO VICIOUS-MINDED HOS
AFRAID MY PIMP'S GONNA
COME OUT KICKIN' ASS.
BE QUIET, MARVA,
AND TAKE A COUPLE
DEEP BREATHS.
NOW, YOU HAVE HAD
TO DO WITH CALVIN,
YOU DIDN'T
KILL THAT GIRL,
AND YOU'LL LOUSE
YOURSELF UP
LYING TO US.
WHAT I DID, I DID.
YOU UNDERSTAND?
I DIDN'T DO NOTHIN'
ABOUT WHAT HE DID.
I DON'T EVEN KNOW
WHAT THAT IS.
LET'S HEAR IT, MARVA.
SELL HIM CONDOMS.
WHAT?
SOLD HIM CONDOMS.
CALVIN HAD YOU
SELL HIM CONDOMS?
ALL RIGHT?
IF YOU DON'T EXPLAIN WHAT
YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT,
YOU'RE GETTING LOCKED UP.
TAKE MY TRICKS' CONDOMS
AND TRADE HIM
FOR NICKEL ROCK.
YOU'D SELL CALVIN
YOUR CUSTOMERS' CONDOMS
AFTER THEY'D USED THEM?
ALL RIGHT?
WHY DID CALVIN TELL YOU
HE WANTED THEM?
HE DIDN'T SAY NOTHIN',
AND I DIDN'T WANNA KNOW
IF HE TRIED.
Jill: YOU'RE LYING.
WHAT DO YOU THINK
HE USED THEM FOR, THEN?
US THINKING WHAT CALVIN
WANTED THE CONDOMS FOR
DOESN'T
MOVE THE CASE, MARVA.
YOU HAVE TO SAY IT.
NOW QUIT
SCREWING AROUND.
HE WANTED TO USE
THE SPUNK INSIDE
TO PUT ON THE GIRLS
HE'D DO.
HE WAS HUNG UP OFF OF
BEING IN TROUBLE BEFORE.
HE'D BEEN CONVICTED BEFORE
OFF DNA EVIDENCE.
THIS WAY, EVEN IF
A GIRL TESTIFIED,
HE SAID THEY COULDN'T
CONVICT HIM BEHIND
THE DIFFERENT GENES.
BUT THAT WAS
ALL HIM NOW.
ALL I DID WAS
SELL HIM THE RUBBERS.
WHERE WE GONNA LOOK
FOR CALVIN, MARVA?
HE GOT A DELIVERY JOB.
COME UP ON THE STREET
AROUND 4:00...
I'LL SHOW YOU HIS PLACES.
HEY, GREG.
JAMES.
SO JAMES JR.
SAILED RIGHT THROUGH
HIS FIRST CHECKUP.
YEAH. THAT'S GOOD.
YEAH. PEDIATRICIAN SAYS,
AT HIS STAGE,
HE'S GOT EXCELLENT-
DEVELOPED REFLEXES.
GOOD. GOOD FOR HIM.
HEY.
YOU SEEM A LITTLE
AGITATED, GREG.
WE'RE LOOKING
AT SOME OVERTIME.
AMEN. THAT'LL MAKE UP
FOR THE LOST TIME
I JUST HAD TO TAKE.
WE GOT A GUY TO LIKE
ON THIS D.O.A.
HOMELESS WOMAN.
THIS WHORE SAYS
WE CAN START LOOKING
TO GRAB HIM UP
AROUND 4:00.
WHAT IS IT, GREG?
THIS GUY'S M.O.,
JAMES,
IS FILTHY,
SICKENING,
AND DISGUSTING.
WHAT'S HIS M.O.?
WHAT'S HIS M.O.?!
DID YOU LEAVE
BEFORE WE FOUND
THAT INORDINATE
AMOUNT OF SEMEN
ON THE D.O.A.?
YEAH. I HAD TO TAKE OFF
FOR THE PEDIATRICIAN.
WELL, HIS M.O. ACCOUNTS
FOR THAT INORDINATE
AMOUNT OF SEMEN.
YOU FOLLOW ME?
DO I GOTTA DOT THE Is
FOR YOU, JAMES?
THE GUY BOUGHT
MULTIPLE USED CONDOMS
OFF OF THIS PROSTITUTE
MARVA,
MIXED THE CONTENTS
TOGETHER
TO FORM
AN INORDINATE AMOUNT,
AND THEN PUT IT
ON THE VICTIM.
SO THAT'S HIS M.O.
DON'T MAKE ME PAINT YOU
A PICTURE, JAMES.
ANYWAYS...
I'M GLAD TO HEAR
ABOUT THE CHECKUP.
YEAH.
SORRY I WAS A LITTLE SLOW
ON THE UPTAKE.
I'M BUYING THIS.
MY STANDARD
CONSULTATION FEE.
SO, UH, IF MY CONCERN'S
HYPERSENSITIVE,
YOU JUST TELL ME
TO SHUT UP.
GO AHEAD.
DR. GARRICK GIVES ME
MY BLOOD SCORES,
SAYS HE'S PLEASED
WITH MY COURSE
POST-SURGERY
AND WANTS TO RETEST
MY BLOOD IN A MONTH.
I MAKE A LIVING
LISTENING TO ANSWERS.
AND I DON'T KNOW
IS MY CONCERN
HYPERSENSITIVE,
BUT HE DON'T SAY
THAT HE WAS PLEASED
WITH MY BLOOD SCORE.
YOU STILL SHOW A .9
ON YOUR PSA, ANDY.
LESS THAN ONE.
LESS THAN ONE,
RIGHT.
WELL, SO, DOWN FROM 6,
THAT'S A PRETTY GOOD
DECREASE.
IT IS, BUT WITH
YOUR PROSTATE
BEING REMOVED,
WE'D LIKE IT
TO REGISTER 0.
THE WORRY IS THERE
MIGHT STILL BE
CANCER CELLS
IN THE BED
OF THE PROSTATE
OR THOSE TYPE CELLS
MIGHT HAVE MIGRATED.
SPREAD IN MY BODY?
SO WHAT THE HELL DON'T
HE TELL ME THAT FOR?
'CAUSE
IT'S ALSO POSSIBLE
YOU COULD BE
A SLOW CLEAR, ANDY.
YOUR LEVEL MAY NOT
HAVE GONE DOWN
AS FAR IT'S GOING TO.
THAT'S WHY HE WANTS
TO RETEST IN 30 DAYS.
HE TOLD YOU ALL THIS?
IF YOU'D ASKED,
HE'D HAVE TOLD YOU.
SOMETIMES YOU'RE
SUPPOSED TO LET
YOUR DOCTORS
DO YOUR WORRYING
FOR YOU.
ARE YOU WORRIED?
I WISH
YOUR SCORE WAS 0.
SO IN OTHER WORDS,
YOU DON'T KNOW
WHAT THE HELL'S
GOING ON, HUH?
RIGHT NOW,
WE'RE NOT SURE
WHAT'S GOING ON.
OK.
THANKS FOR NOT
DOUBLE-TALKING ME.
I UNDERSTAND
YOU WANT TO KNOW.
I THOUGHT I MIGHT BE
OUT OF THE WOODS.
YOU'RE ALWAYS,
OF COURSE, REMORSEFUL
WHEN A CASE DON'T LOOK
LIKE IT'LL CLEAR.
YOU DON'T
FIGURE OUR D.O.A.
TO BE A BIG LOSS
TO HUMANITY?
PLUS THIS HUMP,
I BET HIS CLERGYMAN
COULDN'T SAY
NOTHING NICE FOR.
HOW'S IT GOING,
SHANNON?
Shannon:
HOW'S IT GOING?
Sipowicz:
WHO'S THIS?
WE GET
A "MAN WITH A GUN" CALL.
GROCERY OWNER SAYS
THIS ONE MOPED IN HIS STORE
FOR, LIKE, 10 MINUTES.
WHEN HE'S WALKING OUT,
HE THINK HE SEES A PIECE
IN THE GUY'S WAISTBAND.
OWNER TAKES A RIDE WITH US,
PICKS HIM OUT 2 BLOCKS DOWN.
WHAT'S THIS ONE
DOING?
NOTHING.
HE'S SITTING PARKED
NEXT TO A HYDRANT.
LICENSE PLATES ARE
OFF SOME JUNKER,
BUT THE V.I.N. NUMBERS COME
BACK TO THE STOLEN CAR
FROM YOUR GUYS' HOMICIDE.
THIS ONE'S LUCKY
HE DIDN'T GET
HIS HEAD BLOWN OFF.
HE PULLED A GUN WHEN WE
WERE COMING UP TO HIM.
HE LOOKING TO USE IT?
NAH. HE'S A MOPE THIS GUY.
SAID HE'S LOOKING
TO HAND IT TO US.
A .25--ONE EXPENDED ROUND.
HE SAY ANYTHING
ON THE WAY IN?
THE OPPOSITE.
DOES THAT MEAN "NO"?
RIGHT.
NAME'S ROSS CHESWICK.
HE'S CLEAN WITH BCI.
Bobby: NICE JOB.
APPRECIATE IT.
I'M DETECTIVE SIMONE.
THIS IS DETECTIVE SIPOWICZ.
ROSS CHESWICK.
YEAH. HOW DO YOU DO?
WE'RE GONNA NEED
TO TALK TO YOU
DOWN THE HALL HERE,
ROSS.
YEAH. I UNDERSTAND
YOU NEED TO.
REFRESHING ATTITUDE.
SO, UH, IT LOOKS LIKE
YOU'RE IN A BIT OF
A JACKPOT HERE,
HUH, ROSS?
YEAH.
ANY IDEAS HOW YOU'RE
GONNA HELP YOURSELF?
COMING CLEAN,
I GUESS.
THERE'S THAT
REFRESHING ATTITUDE AGAIN.
LET'S START
WITH THE GUN.
THE GUN IS NOT MINE.
HOW'D YOU COME
TO HAVE IT?
AFTER AN ALTERCATION.
Bobby: ROSS...
THIS SOUNDS LESS LIKE
COMING CLEAN
THAN TELLING IT
IN DRIBS AND DRABS.
I'VE NEVER BEEN GUILTY
OF A CRIME BEFORE.
OK. UH...
WHO WAS
THE ALTERCATION WITH?
MAN OWNED THE GUN.
YOU HAVE TOLD US SO FAR
EXACTLY NOTHING, ROSS.
GUN BELONGED TO
THE CAR SALESMAN HUGH
WHO TOOK ME TO DRIVE
THE '94 NISSAN,
WHICH I TOLD HIM
I MIGHT WANNA BUY.
WHEN I WAS TAKING OUT
A LUCKY HE ASKED
TO BORROW,
HUGH GLANCED OVER
AND SAW
MY LICENSE PLATES
I BROUGHT IN MY KNAPSACK
FROM MY '71 BUG
THAT WAS ON BLOCKS.
HE AT THAT POINT
TOLD ME
HE KNEW MY PLAN WAS
TO STEAL THE NISSAN,
TAKE OFF
THE DEALER PLATES,
AND PUT ON THE PLATES
FROM MY BUG,
WHICH HIS ANALYSIS
WAS CORRECT.
WE'RE TEST-DRIVING
UNDER THE FDR,
AND HE, AT THIS POINT,
PULLED OUT HIS GUN
AND TOLD ME TO PULL
IN THIS SIDE ALLEY.
HE TOLD ME
TO GIVE HIM 200 BUCKS,
DROP HIM AT THE OTB,
AND HE'D GIVE ME
A 3-HOUR START
BEFORE HE CALLED
THE CAR IN STOLEN.
I ONLY HAD
26 BUCKS ON ME,
WHICH HE SAYS
TO GIVE UP TO HIM.
I REFUSE,
AND HE GUN-BUTTS ME.
I'M HALF PASSED OUT
FROM THE BLOW
AND GET OUT
TO TRY AND RUN,
HE COMES OUT AFTER ME.
WE GRAPPLE,
AND THE GUN GOES OFF.
I HALF PASS OUT
FROM DEAFNESS--
AND STILL BEING
HALF PASSED OUT
FROM THE GUN-BUTT--
WHEN I FOCUS,
I SEE HE'S DEAD.
OW.
SO, OF COURSE,
AT THAT POINT,
YOU'RE TOO SMART
TO CALL THE COPS.
YOU KNOW WHERE
THE TOWN OF PRIMM IS?
NO.
IT'S A SMALL BUT GROWING
INEXPENSIVE COMMUNITY
IN NEVADA.
YOU KNOW,
IN MY WARPED THINKING,
I IMAGINED PICKING
MY EX-WIFE KATHY UP--
YOU KNOW, "LET'S GO
TO PRIMM, NEVADA."
BEFORE I WENT
TO SEE KATHY,
I WAS GONNA
ROB A GROCERY STORE
TO GET FOOD AND MONEY
FOR THE TRIP.
I TRIED ALL DAY
TO GET THE NERVE UP,
BUT, YOU KNOW,
I JUST...
I COULDN'T DO IT.
I MUST HAVE BEEN
TO 15 DIFFERENT
GROCERY STORES,
YOU KNOW?
ANY SPECIAL REASON
YOU DECIDED TO WRAP
HUGH UP IN THAT TARP
AND THEN DRIVE HIM OVER
TO THAT VACANT LOT?
LIKE, 4 YEARS AGO,
I DUMPED STUFF THERE,
AND 7 MONTHS LATER,
I HAD THE OCCASION TO
DUMP SOMETHING ELSE...
THE FIRST STUFF
WAS STILL THERE.
STILL IN ITS
ORIGINAL HEFTY BAG.
EXCUSE US.
OH. SURE, GO AHEAD.
HEY, COULD YOU SIT
WITH THIS GUY
FOR A SECOND?
SURE.
DON'T SIT TOO CLOSE,
OR YOU'LL CATCH
BEING A MORON.
YOU THINK HE'D
HAVE GONE THROUGH
ROBBING THAT CAR?
NO.
BUT I THINK ROSS THERE
WAS A VERY BUSY BOY
AFTER HUGH
THE CAR SALESMAN
GOT WHAT
WAS COMING TO HIM--
OBSTRUCTING,
DESTROYING THE EVIDENCE.
HE'S WALKING AROUND
WITH THE MURDER WEAPON
IN HIS TROUSERS
LOOKING TO STICK UP
THE A & P.
HE'D HAVE NEVER
ROBBED THAT CAR,
AND THAT HUMP SALESMAN
PROMPTS HIM INTO MURDER.
ANDY, THIS IS A LOT
OF CLEANING UP TO DO.
SYLVIA'S RIDING.
SHE'S NOT GONNA LOOK
TO HURT THIS GUY.
WHY DON'T WE JUST
WALK HER THROUGH IT?
NO. I DON'T KNOW
ABOUT THAT.
THIS IS NOT EINSTEIN
IN THERE, ANDY.
I WOULD HATE US HAVING
TO COUNT ON HIM
KEEPING
SOME STORY STRAIGHT.
I'M RELUCTANT TO CONSULT
SYLVIA RIGHT NOW.
AND I'M RELUCTANT
THAT THIS ROSS
GETS IN FRONT
OF THE GRAND JURY
AND STARTS TELLING THEM
ABOUT PRIMM, NEVADA,
AND THE 2
NICE DETECTIVES
THAT TRIED TO HELP HIM
GET THERE,
AND THEN WE WIND UP
GETTING LOCKED UP.
YOU CARRY THE PRIMARY
CONVERSATIONAL LOAD
WITH HER.
CAN'T KEEP HARMING PEOPLE
OFF A PREVIOUS MISTAKE.
SIT DOWN, CALVIN.
ALL I'M GONNA SAY,
PICK ME UP FOR A SIMILAR
PREVIOUS CRIME
AIN'T ENOUGH MOTIVE
NO MORE.
LET'S NOT GET AHEAD
OF OURSELVES.
YEAH. LET'S ESTABLISH
WHAT WE'RE TALKING ABOUT.
OH, WE KNOW WHAT
WE TALKIN' ABOUT--
ME BEING A SUSPECT
BEHIND PREVIOUS
RAPIN' BEHAVIOR
FOR THE RAPIN' DEATH
OF THIS COOKIE.
LOTS OF GUYS ON THE STREET
WITH RECORDS FOR RAPE
AND SEXUAL ASSAULT.
WHY ASSUME
WE'RE LOOKING FOR YOU?
I TOLD PEOPLE YOU'D
COME LOOKING FOR ME.
I KNEW IT WOULD
COME TO THAT.
HOW'D YOU KNOW?
SOME PEOPLE GOT
A SIXTH SENSE.
YOU KNOW MARVA?
I KNOW SHE A HO,
THINKIN' HER PIMP
COMIN' OUT NEXT MONTH
GONNA CHANGE HER LIFE.
DID YOU BUY USED RUBBERS
FROM MARVA, CALVIN?
I DECLINE TO SAY.
DID YOU TELL HER
YOU WERE GONNA PUT SEMEN
FROM OTHER JOHNS' CONDOMS
ON WOMEN YOU WERE
HAVING SEX WITH?
I DENY SAYING THAT.
THAT'S
"HE SAID/SHE SAID,"
LIKE THE PRESIDENT
AND HIS SEX.
YOU GOT
SCIENTIFIC EVIDENCE
TO PUT ON ME
OVER KILLING THIS,
UH, COOKIE?
ACTUALLY, CALVIN, YEAH.
WE GOT ALL
THE SCIENTIFIC EVIDENCE
WE NEED.
OH, YOU BETTER HAVE
DNA PROOF,
'CAUSE O.J. PROVED THAT.
IF YOU'D JUST USED
A CLEAN CONDOM ON YOURSELF
LIKE A NORMAL PERSON,
CALVIN,
RIGHT NOW,
YOU'D BE IN THE CLEAR.
BUT YOU BUYING
USED CONDOMS
OFF A BUNCH
OF DIFFERENT TRICKS
FROM MARVA,
SMEARING
THE COMBINED SEMEN
HOW YOU DID,
THAT HAS DONE YOU IN.
WE'VE BEEN ABLE
TO GO AHEAD
AND TRACE DNA
SEMEN SAMPLES
FROM ALL OF MARVA'S TRICKS.
I DON'T BELIEVE THAT.
I DON'T BELIEVE YOU'D
GET THEM TO COOPERATE.
OH, ARE YOU KIDDIN'?
BETWEEN PROVIDING
A SEMEN SAMPLE
OR HAVING THE COPS
TELL YOUR WIFE
YOU'VE BEEN PICKING UP
STREET WHORES, CALVIN,
WHAT ARE THE JOHNS
GONNA PICK?
THEY ALL GAVE UP SAMPLES.
WE HAVE MATCHED
MARVA'S CLIENT SAMPLES
WITH WHAT WAS FOUND ON COOKIE.
SO HOW YOU
RULE ONE OF THEM OUT
FOR THE CULPRIT?
THE FACT THE SAMPLES
ARE MIXED TOGETHER, CALVIN,
RULES OUT ANY OF
THE INDIVIDUAL JOHNS
AS THE POSSIBLE PERPETRATOR.
THAT'S WHERE YOU
LOUSED YOURSELF UP.
YOU ALONE HAD ACCESS
TO THAT SEMEN COLLECTIVELY.
WHAT ABOUT MARVA?
MARVA DOESN'T MAKE SEMEN!
SHE'D HAVE NO MOTIVE.
LOOK, I...
I GOTTA THINK.
DON'T TAKE TOO LONG.
LET'S GO. COME ON.
IN THE CAGE.
[EXHALES]
WHOA, GREG.
I THOUGHT
I'D TAKE A SHOT.
THAT'S PRETTY GOOD
STUFF, GREG.
I THINK HE'S GONNA
GIVE IT UP.
WELL, LET'S HOPE SO.
ASSUME HIS ACCOUNT
ABOUT THE STRUGGLE
FOR THE GUN IS TRUTHFUL.
YOUR GUY'S
TRYING TO STEAL THE CAR
ORIGINALLY ARGUABLY
STILL MAKES HIM
RESPONSIBLE
FOR FELONIES
WHICH FOLLOWED,
INCLUDING
THE SALESMAN'S DEATH.
THE CLOSEST HE COME
TO TRYING TO STEAL
THE CAR
WAS HAVING LICENSE PLATES
IN HIS BACKPACK.
WHICH YOUR GUY ADMITS
THAT THE SALESMAN
CORRECTLY INFERRED
THAT HE HAD INTENDED
TO PUT ON THE CAR THAT
THEY WERE TEST DRIVING
ONCE HE'D STOLEN IT.
I'M JUST
TRYING TO TELL YOU
HOW MY OFFICE
COULD LOOK AT
WHAT HAPPENED, ANDY,
THAT THAT'S THE POINT
AT WHICH ALL HELL
BROKE LOOSE.
SO YOU THINK
THEY MIGHT WANT
TO GO TO BAT?
YOUR MOPE HASN'T WRITTEN
ANYTHING DOWN YET?
MM-MMM.
I THINK IF HE WERE
TO LEAVE OUT THE PART
ABOUT THE SALESMAN
SEEING
THE LICENSE PLATES
IN HIS BACKPACK,
HE MIGHT HAVE
A MUCH ROSIER FUTURE.
PUTTING THE PLATES ON
WAS AN AFTERTHOUGHT
ONCE HE WAS...
IN EMOTIONAL SHOCK.
HE'S OUT ON
A SIMPLE TEST DRIVE,
THIS CROOK SALESMAN
PULLS A GUN TO ROB HIM.
THE SALESMAN'S
A DOCUMENTED LOWLIFE.
THEN AFTERWARDS
THIS MOPE IS TERRIFIED
OVER THINKING
THE REST OF HIS DAYS,
HE'S A CRIMINAL,
BEGINS BEHAVING ERRATIC.
HASN'T REALLY GOT IT IN HIM
TO DO ANY ACTUAL CRIMES.
WHAT I LIKE,
IT'S ONLY THE ONE FACT
HE'S GOT TO DEAL WITH.
AND HE'S LEAVING IT OUT.
HERE YOU ALL COME AGAIN.
YEAH, HERE WE COME.
YOU GOT A CAGEY
POLICE MIND.
YOU ALMOST HAD ME COPPIN'
TO A INNOCENT CRIME.
BUT I GOT A QUESTION
FOR YOU.
HOW YOU GONNA PROVE
I WAS THE CULPRIT
OVER COOKIE?
YOU GOT A SHORT
MEMORY, CALVIN.
REMEMBER, MARVA TOLD US
IT WAS YOU BOUGHT
THE USED CONDOMS.
MARVA SAID
I BOUGHT THEM CONDOMS,
BUT SHE DIDN'T TELL YOU
WHO I SOLD THEM TO
AND NOT KNOW WHAT THEY DID
WITH 'EM AFTERWARD.
SO WHO WAS IT
YOU RESOLD
THE CONDOMS TO?
I CAN'T TELL,
'CAUSE I DON'T KNOW
THE PERSON'S NAME.
BUT IT WAS THEM
MUST'VE DONE IN COOKIE.
YOU DIDN'T RESELL
THOSE CONDOMS, CALVIN.
PROVE THAT
WITH NO BACKUP DNA
OUT MY BODY.
WE DON'T NEED
NO DNA PROOF, CALVIN,
'CAUSE WE GOT
AN EYEWITNESS!
SEE, THAT WAS A BUSY
VACANT LOT LAST NIGHT.
ANOTHER HOMICIDE VICTIM
WAS DUMPED THERE,
AND IT'S YOUR BAD LUCK
THAT CULPRIT
IS PREPARED
TO TESTIFY ON YOU
TO LESSEN
HIS OWN PREDICAMENT.
OH, YOU SAYIN'
SOMEONE'S DUMPIN' A BODY,
AND I DON'T TAKE NO NOTICE
OF NONE OF WHAT HE'S DOIN',
BUT HE SAW ME?
HE DIDN'T SEE YOU
WHILE HE WAS
DUMPING THE BODY.
HE CAME BACK
IN HIS CAR
TO HAVE A WHAT'S WHAT
LOOK SUBSEQUENT,
AND SAW YOU
FROM ACROSS THE STREET.
YOU WEAR A HAT?
HE SAYS I WAS
WEARIN' A HAT,
HE'S A LIAR,
'CAUSE I NEVER WEAR A HAT,
AND I CAN BRING 45 PEOPLE OUT
THAT'LL TELL THAT.
HE SAID YOU WEREN'T
WEARING A HAT!
AND WHAT HE DESCRIBED
ESPECIALLY
WAS YOUR CORNROWS,
YOUR DISTINCTIVE
HAIRSTYLE THERE.
THESE AIN'T NO CORNROWS.
THESE ARE TWISTS,
THE BEGINNING
OF DREADLOCKS LOCKIN'!
IT'S NOT IMPORTANT
THAT HE DIDN'T KNOW
THE NAME
OF YOUR HAIRSTYLE,
CALVIN.
THE POINT IS,
HE DESCRIBED YOUR HAIR.
HE PICKED YOU OUT!
SHE LIVIN' IN
A DAMP CARDBOARD BOX.
THAT'S 'CAUSE SHE WASN'T
A PROSTITUTE, CALVIN.
TRY PUSHIN' ME OUT.
THE MORE SHE PUSH,
THE MORE
I START WANTIN' HER.
THEN SHE HIT ME.
I LOSE IT, START BEATIN',
BUT SHE STRONG.
SHE AIN'T CRY OUT
'CAUSE SHE THOUGHT
SHE GONNA STOP ME
STICKIN' IT IN.
ONCE I MAKE UP THE MIND
THAT'S HOW
IT'S GONNA BE...
THAT'S HOW IT'S GONNA BE.
SHE FOUGHT LIKE A HO.
YOU READY
TO WRITE THIS UP?
HOW YOU GONNA FIGURE...
2 CULPRITS IN ONE LOT
THE SAME NIGHT?
I HAD BAD LUCK
MY WHOLE LIFE.
HEY!
ARE YOU READY TO WRITE?
YEAH.
YOU GOT ME.
[SIGHS]
I CAN'T HELP FEELING
I'M IMPRISONED.
THAT WOULD BE
'CAUSE YOU ARE.
BUT YOU WANT
TO INTERPRET IT
"TEMPORARILY
IN CUSTODY,"
AND FOR YOUR OWN
LONG-TERM BENEFIT.
Simone: WE NEED YOU
TELLING THEM PEOPLE
ON THE GRAND JURY
YOUR STORY TOMORROW,
ROSS.
LEAVING OUT
THAT ONE THING ABOUT
THE LICENSE PLATES.
RIGHT. LEAVING OUT
THE LICENSE PLATES,
BUT TELLING THEM
EVERYTHING ELSE.
WHAT THIS JERK SALESMAN
TRIED TO PULL OVER ON YOU
AND HOW HE WOUND UP DEAD,
JUST EXACTLY
LIKE IT HAPPENED.
OK.
WE'LL TAKE YOU OUT
OF HERE TOMORROW,
BUFF YOU UP A LITTLE,
ALL GO OVER
TO CENTRE STREET.
EVERYTHING ELSE THE TRUTH.
JUST LEAVE OUT MY HAVING
THOSE LICENSE PLATES WITH ME
FROM MY OLD VW BUG
TO PUT ON THE NISSAN
AFTER I STOLE IT.
WHAT WOULD BE
A GOOD IDEA, ROSS--
NOT EVEN THINKING ABOUT
THOSE LICENSE PLATES
NO MORE.
THEM,
THE OLD VW BUG--
NONE OF THAT
EVER EXISTED.
START ON THAT ROAD,
THERE'S WHOLE PHASES
OF MY LIFE
I'D JUST AS SOON
LEAVE OUT.
[CLICKS TONGUE]
CONSIDER THIS
A BEGINNING.
HEY.
FINISH YOUR 5, JAMES?
YEAH, I JUST FINISHED UP.
WHOA!
HEY, WHAT HAPPENED HERE?
I JUST CAME IN CONTACT
WITH SEARING HEAT.
HEH? BURN YOURSELF
ON SOMETHING FLAMMABLE?
AH...
SERIOUSLY, GREG, UH,
THOSE WERE
2 GREAT INTERVIEWS.
YEAH, I, UH...
I WAS PLEASED
WITH THE OUTCOME.
YOU WANT ONE?
NAH. I'M GOOD.
HEY, GREG.
UH, YEAH,
I JUST FINISHED
MY 5, BOSS.
I'M JUST GONNA
TURN IT IN.
YEAH. I'VE BEEN
GETTING THE PREVIEWS.
YEAH, HUH?
WE WERE TELLING THE BOSS
HOW YOU TURNED
THAT WARPO'S HEAD AROUND.
YEAH.
WELL, I GUESS MAYBE
IT TOOK ONE
TO KNOW ONE, HUH?
HEY, GREG.
YOU WORKED HIM
LIKE A CHAMP.
WELL, I--I--
I WAS PLEASED
WITH THE OUTCOME,
BE THAT AS IT MAY.
WHEN WE GET
THE DOCUMENTATION
TOGETHER,
I'M GOING TO
SUPPORT YOU
FOR A COMMENDATION.
WHAT'D YOU DO,
MEDAVOY?
2 GREAT INTERVIEWS.
GOT A GUY TO GIVE IT UP.
WAY TO GO, GREG.
THANKS A LOT.
EXCUSE ME.
I COULD USE HELP
WITH SOME NEWS.
SURE.
THAT DR. GARRICK
WANTING A FOLLOW-UP
ON MY BLOOD?
I PURSUED HIM
WANTING THAT
WITH DR. MONDZAC.
UH-HUH.
OFF WHAT MONDZAC
TOLD ME,
IT TURNS OUT
THAT PSA SCORE
COULD BE BETTER.
THAT .9 SCORE
THAT I GOT.
BUT IT HAD GONE
ALL THE WAY DOWN
FROM 6.
I SUSPECTED
A LACK OF ENTHUSIASM
WITH THIS GARRICK'S
VOICE...
BUT I DIDN'T FEEL
I COULD PURSUE IT
WITH HIM
WITH NO EVIDENCE,
SO I WENT
AND I PURSUED IT
WITH MONDZAC,
AND I TURNED OUT
CORRECT.
THEY HAD
THIS RESERVATION.
WHAT DOES IT MEAN, ANDY?
THE RESERVATION'S...
THE RESERVATION'S
THERE'S MORE WHERE
MY PROSTRATE WAS
OR THE CELLS
HAVE MOVED
SOMEWHERE ELSE.
OTHERWISE, MY SCORE
SHOULD BE LOWER.
SO I-IT'S SPREAD.
UNLESS MY SCORE
DON'T LOWER
QUICK AS MOST.
DO--DO THEY THINK
THAT MAY BE POSSIBLE?
THAT'S DEFINITELY WHY
HE WANTS TO DO
THE TEST AGAIN.
NO HARM TAKING
THE POSITIVE VIEW.
THAT'S RIGHT.
UM...
THAT'S...
THAT'S WHAT I COULD
USE HELP WITH.
I WAS AFRAID
DURING TODAY'S SCENE
YOU'D ASK.
DID HE GIVE YOU
ANY PERCENTAGES
HOW LIKELY
THE ALTERNATIVES ARE?
THE GOOD ALTERNATIVES
ARE LIKELY ENOUGH
THAT THEY GOT
A NAME FOR IT.
WHAT'S THE NAME?
SLOW CLEARER.
I'M A SLOW CLEARER.
SHOULD WE GO WITH THAT?
OR WHATEVER COMES TO US.
LOOK HOW MUCH GOOD
COME SO FAR.